README.md, before:

# Suma-CVE-Audit-Tool
Small tool to track CVEs from [SUSE](https://github.com/SUSE) Manager and keep an audit log.

Built in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Delivers:
* XML-RPC Client to interact with the [SUSE](https://github.com/SUSE) Manager
* Common Structs and Types for re-use between back end and front end
* Front end based on 'yew' built with trunk
* Back end based on 'xmlrpc' client (own fork to use async) and 'reqwest'

# Build
1. Download/clone the repository.
2. Build the cve-audit-types (`cargo build` or use the make file with `make build-commons`)
3. Build the cve-audit-ui (`trunk build` or use the make file with `make build-web`)
4. Build the cve-audit-tool (`cargo build` or use the make file)

# Run
1. Extract the build to the needed repository.
2. Create a folder next to the executable called `config`
3. Place the file `suma.toml` in it.
4. Run the executable
5. Server is started at `127.0.0.1:8081`

## Contents of suma.toml

```
[default]
url = "https://suse-manager.home/rpc/api"
user = "rpc-user"
password = "secret"
```
Currently the `[default]` configuration-tag is necessary. Will be made more dynamic in the future.

Commit message:

V0.4.3 improvements & week selection draft (#31)
* Component for selector button

* Version updates

* Update CVE-Audit-Types to v0.5.0

* Implement Enum to NaiveDate

* Further expansion of time_restriction type

* Version updates

* feat: config (#21)

* fix: load api data from relativ path

* feat: settings crate

* Component for selector button

* Version updates

* Cleanup rebase

* refactoring separation of backend & frontend

* Use standard xmlrpc version
Run sumaclient in spawn_blocking

* Cleanup refactoring

* Update Changelog and README

* Version update

* feat: config (#21)

* fix: load api data from relativ path

* feat: settings crate

Co-authored-by: jon4hz <me@jon4hz.io>

README.md, after:

# Suma-CVE-Audit-Tool
Small tool to track CVEs from [SUSE](https://github.com/SUSE) Manager and keep an audit log.

Built in [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).

Delivers:
* XML-RPC Client to interact with the [SUSE](https://github.com/SUSE) Manager resp. with an [Uyuni server](https://www.uyuni-project.org/)
* Common Structs and Types for re-use between back end and front end
* Front end based on 'yew' built with trunk
* Back end based on 'xmlrpc' client (own fork to use async) and 'reqwest'
* sqlite database for offline capabilities

# Build
1. Download/clone the repository.
2. Build the cve-audit-types (`cargo build` or use the make file with `make build-commons`)
3. Build the cve-audit-ui (`trunk build` or use the make file with `make build-web`)
4. Build the cve-audit-tool (`cargo build` or use the make file)

# Run
1. Extract the build to the needed repository.
2. Create a folder next to the executable called `config`
3. Place the file `config.toml` in it.
4. Run the executable
5. Server is started at the port indicated, by default `127.0.0.1:8081`
6. Backend server (API) is started at IP `127.0.0.1:8090`by default and should not be changed currently

## Contents of config.toml

See example in [config.toml](./config/config.toml)

You can create several configurations by prefixing the setting with your environment (i.e. default).
The runtime expects a `default` to be present.
Any other environment needs to be specified at start time.
